Carry On
Rated 4.9 stars2,550 Reviews
$295 US
CASESAFE TRACKING
CLASSIC: Moss
LIMITED EDITION
PREORDER

or 4 installments of 73.75 with
Klarna Logo
Our signature case, where it all began.
Designed to hold the maximum amount that’s allowed inside the cabin with you. It has an ejectable battery that is approved for flying across all major airlines. Safe to fly, a joy to carry.

Length of trip: 5-7 days
Capacity: 6-8 outfits

Compare Carry On's
Free Shipping
100 Day Returns
Airline Compatibility
FEATURES
arrow-image
Ejectable battery with USB-C
Aerospace-grade, German polycarbonate shell
Reinforced bumpers
20-height multi-stop telescopic handle
Integrated TSA lock
SilentMoveTM wheels
Hidden stain-proof laundry bag
July Y-Strap compression system
Water-resistant and stain-proof nylon lining
Leather finishes on the nylon straps and hinge
YKK Japanese zippers
The power bank is allowed anywhere your mobile phone is, however does not carry China's 3C certification
Lifetime warranty, 100 day returns, and free shipping across the US SPECS
arrow-image
External dimensions including wheels:
21.5" H x 15" W x 8.5" D
Internal dimensions excluding wheels:
20" H x 14.5" W x 8.5" D
Weight: 7.4lbs
Capacity: 42L

Total linear dimensions 115cm (approved to fit as carry-on for all International standards)  LIFETIME WARRANTY
arrow-image
We stand by the quality of every July product with unmatched warranty commitments.

A lifetime warranty on manufacturing faults.
100 day returns for unpersonalised items.


Free shipping across the US for orders above $100.

View delivery timeframes.You may also like.
empty heart
CheckedPlus_Sand.png
Checked Plus
+4
US$365
empty heart
PackingCells_Black.png
Packing Cells - Four Pack
US$55
Best Seller
empty heart
CheckedExpandable_Navy.png
Checked Expandable
+2
US$375
empty heart
CheckedPlusExpandable_Lavender.png
Checked Plus Expandable
+2
US$395
Details you’ll love.
Ejectable battery with USB-C
A cleverly designed ejectable battery with USB-C docks that charges both your phone and your laptop. The Carry On and power bank are allowed anywhere your mobile phone is, however do not carry China's 3C certification.
SilentMove™ Wheels
When we couldn't find the perfect wheels there was only one solution – design it ourselves. Introducing SilentMove 360° spinner wheels. Extremely quiet, they can handle the cobblestones of Europe, and have a lifetime guarantee.
Y-Strap Compression System
We've made it easy to pack more into your trip. Our July Y-Strap Compression System provides a heavy-duty strap that pulls down to create more space in your case. All our lining is stain-resistant making any accidents easy to clean up too.
100% German polycarbonate
The case embodies our unique curved eggshell design that minimises damage and optimises function. We also added anodised aluminium bumpers for extra protection on hard drops.
detail section image
KEEP YOUR LAUNDRY AT BAY
Every case features a hidden laundry bag that is odour-proof and compresses down to keep your worn items hidden and the rest of your clothes crisp clean.
detail section image
COMFORT IN YOUR HANDS
Our multi-stop telescopic handle stops wherever you want it to. With a soft-to-touch rubber handle making it a pleasure to hold.
detail section image
PERFECT ON THE INSIDE TOO
We've made it easy to pack more into your trip. Our July Y-Strap Compression System provides a heavy-duty strap that pulls down to create more space in your case.
full width image
Reviews
What our customers are saying.
Customer reviews
4.9
/ 5
2874 reviews
I love JULY
omgggg stop scrolling and start … travelling !!
Best carry on ever
Travelling friend ✨
Best Carry on in Australia
Best Carry on in Australia
Reviews2874

Most relevant

All ratings
With media
15 days ago
excellent
Victoria A.
Verified buyer
value for money

17 days ago
ABSOLUTELY SOLD ON JULY!
Cecilia B.
Verified buyer
I purchased my July carryon while visiting Sydney, Australia. There was some familiarity with this brand from advertising I had seen but without seeing it in person, it is difficult to judge quality. Although, I had no intention of purchasing another carry on and I was absolutely not in the market for another piece of luggage, upon inspection, I was sold! I could not resist! It is indeed well made and the global tracking built into the luggage is a plus! I also purchased the Lido design luggage cover. I took my nearly new Monos brand carryon (which I love) on my flight and sent my new July carryon as a checked piece of luggage. After a 15 hour flight from Sydney to Los Angeles, and then another 4-1/2 hour flight to my local airport, my new July luggage survived a long international journey beautifully and deserves a 5 star rating! Kudos to July, an Australian luggage brand.

1 month ago
Love this brand.
Margaret T.
Verified buyer
Amazing customer service

1 month ago
An amazing gift
Mike R.
Verified buyer
Thanks again for your kindness & generosity in gifting me the carry on & checked luggage - you guys rock!

1 month ago
great travel case
Tony C.
Verified buyer
I used my carry - on bag for the first time two days after buying it. Great quality zippers work well wheels are very smooth and silent and the lock functions as required. I is equal to my thule travel luggage and ½ the price All in all a good purchase

1 month ago
A good investment
HH
Verified buyer
Bought this mainly for its wheels which are low profile. Works great on concourses, less good on uneven pavements.
I appreciate the multi-height handle which allegedly has 20 stops. At lower heights the stops don't always engage immediately but overall a very well made piece of luggage. The polycarbonate shell is robust and barely scuffed after 2 flights. Cleans easily too.
On one trip the bag's capacity was stretched to its bulk limit but the zip engaged easily nevertheless. I am impressed and will buy July again.

1 month ago
LOVE LOVE LOVE this luggage
Michelle L.
Verified buyer
The sleek look and lightweight design makes this luggage not only practical but beautiful!

2 months ago
July Carry on in Navy
Selena J.
Verified buyer
A beautiful navy colour. Very happy with my purchase.

2 months ago
Essentially perfect
Cath P.
Verified buyer
The forest green Essential Carry On is a real beauty. Not overly green, almost black with a shimmer. Perfect size, light and stunning. Fits heaps and is perfect for a couple of days away. I’m reading a lot of reviews from people who have used their July carry on as their only bag for extended overseas travel. Yet to try it but great to know I now have this option.

2 months ago
such a pretty colour case!!
Stella D.
Verified buyer
super sleek and elegant, my favourite july colour to date🩷🩷

Show more Hey, Hola, Bonjour. Become a July local.
Sign up and receive updates, including collection launches, early access to products and more. 

PRODUCTS
Luggage
Travel Bags
Travel Accessories
Gift Card
Shop All
ABOUT
Why July
Press
July In Business
Affiliate Program
Shipping & Delivery
SUPPORT
FAQs
Contact Us
Returns Policy
Privacy Policy
Warranty Policies
Terms & Conditions
your@email.com or +11234567890
ChevronRight
https://facebook.com/july
https://instagram.com/july
https://www.tiktok.com/@july
https://pinterest.com/july

You can withdraw your consent at any time. Read about how we process your personal data in our Privacy Policy
© J