The Carry-On Roller
in Beige
Regular price€274,00 EUR
4.9
( 17437 REVIEWS )

FEATURE HIGHLIGHTS
- Durable Shell
- 360° Smooth Wheels
- Cushioned Handle

Description
Crafted with a durable hard-shell exterior, smooth-rolling 360* wheels, and a cushioned silicone trolley handle, this bag is easy to love and even easier to use. Just ask the thousands of 5-star reviews — our award-winning Roller is known and trusted for its sleek design, innovative organization & compression technology, and the 2” of expandable space that always seems to come in handy. Time for a sigh of relief… you’ve found the Roller you’ve been looking for. BÉIS Limited Lifetime Luggage Warranty included.

Perfect For: Overpackers forced to bring only a carry-on and practical maximalists.

Expandable
Weight Indicator
360* Wheels
TSA Lock
Stain Resistant

Details & Specifications
Dimensions:
Exterior: (Including wheel & handle) 22.8" H x 15.7" W x 9.8" D
Interior: 21" H x 14.5" W x 9.8" D
Material: Polycarbonate body, PVC, Polyester liner, vegan leather trim, nylon zipper, and hardware metal
Care: Spot Clean
Capacity: 49 - 61 L
*We recommend that you adhere to airline guidelines, please check with your airline for weight limit restrictions.
Weight: 8.36lbs

Exterior: Durable hard-sided construction with a gradient 3D stripe design and tonal hardware.
Interior: Features a butterfly opening, easy-to-clean lining, a U-zip flap, one zip and one frosted pocket, a zip pouch for valuables, and separate pouches for dirty clothes, shoes, undergarments, and damp clothing. See 5-star functions for more interior and exterior features.

Our 5-Star Functions

WEIGHT INDICATOR
Say goodbye to guessing. Easily check if your bag is over 50 lbs using our built-in indicator.

TSA LOCKS
Keep your items secure thanks to our easy-to-use TSA-approved lock.

CUSHION TROLLEY HANDLE
Feel the difference. Our extendable trolley handle comes with a soft hand cushion for comfort.

EXPANDABLE
Unzips and expands to provide additional space.

COMPRESSION STRAPS
Detachable, compression flap with U-zip pocket and mesh material back four point compression straps.

RETRACTABLE BAG STRAP
Easy access to your essentials with a bag strap that can hold up to 15 lbs.

360* WHEELS
Smooth-rolling 360* wheels offer effortless mobility in any direction.
