Ally Carry On 20"
(35)35 total reviews
Regular price$155.99 Sale price$116.99
EXTRA 40% OFF IS AUTO APPLIED AT CHECKOUT.
25% OFF
Free shipping

InUSA products are here to help you make the most out of your traveling experience, using highly tested materials to guarantee the durability and reliability of each suitcase. Get more from your luggage, perfect for business and family trips. Our spinner carry-on is designed to be accepted by most airlines onboard and has the perfect interior for overnight capacity and weekend getaways.

Key Elements

TSA-Approved Locks

Each of our suitcases features TSA-approved locks that can be opened by security during airline baggage checks without causing any damage.

360° Multiwheel System

High-end engineered system guarantees stable and effortless steering thanks to ball-bearing mounted wheels with cushioned axels.

Dual interior organization

The interior features a fully zipped compartment with a large mesh for additional storage and a height-adjustable Flex straps - to keep items in perfect order during transport.

Telescopic Handle

Engineered to offer seamless stage-free adjustment for maximum comfort and smooth maneuverability.

Features
• Contemporary, impact-resistant, functional design.

• Top and side ergonomic GEL handle for comfortable and easy lifting.

• Smooth gliding oversized zippers.

• Suitable for most major Airlines.

• Travel Sentry® Approved lock. Using this Travel Sentry® Approved lock allows your luggage to be opened, inspected, and relocked by security authorities without damage. For more information, visit: www.travelsentry.org

Materials
Lightweight PC/ABS-engineered material with a micro diamond finish. The hard-flex construction offers maximum strength, durability, and a water/scratch-resistant finish.

Measurements
Size	Weight	Capacity	Linear Inches	Interior Measurement	Exterior Measurement
20"	5.9 lbs	37.72 Liters	47"	13.7" W x 8.66" D x 19.29" H	13.78" W x 8.66" D x 23.19" H

Warranty
Register your information and enjoy our "10 Year Warranty" plus a quick and easy access to our customer care center. Read Our Warranty Policy
