Carry-On
Rated 4.9 out of 5 stars3,071 ReviewsClick to scroll to reviews
$275 USD
Lifetime Warranty included with every purchase

Product information
Description
Features
Specs
Warranty & Returns

With its award-winning design and solid build, the Monos Carry-On suitcase is the perfect travel companion. This carry-on luggage size is designed to fit in the overhead bin of almost any flight, anywhere in the world.

Outfitted with a high-quality polycarbonate shell, the Carry-On is dent-resistant, impact-friendly and virtually unbreakable. It features an ultra-sturdy telescopic handle, TSA-Accepted lock, whisper-quiet wheels, vegan leather details, and all-premium materials. When you’re not travelling, the Carry-On suitcase nests inside any of our Check-In sizes for easy storage.

We are the first North American luggage brand to achieve Certified B Corporation®

Features
Aerospace-grade, water-resistant polycarbonate hard shell made from partially recycled materials
High performance 360° spinner wheels
Adjustable telescopic handle with 4 height settings
Luxuriously soft, anti-microbial lining, made from 100% recycled polyester
Ultra-microfibre vegan leather details
TSA-Accepted combination lock
Colour-coordinated YKK reverse coil zippers
Built-in, removable compression pad with zippered pocket for flat items

Care and cleaning

Wipe clean with a soft, damp cloth, warm water, and mild soap. Use the included eco-friendly eraser for persistent marks. Air dry completely and store in the included dust bag when not in use. For added protection, our durable luggage covers help guard against dirt and scuffs.

Includes anti-microbial, silver ion-coated laundry bag and two shoe bags, plus vegan leather luggage tag.

Specs
2—5 days trip length
Weight: 7.01 lb / 3.17 kg
Volume: 39.9 L

Exterior measurements

Unit
Height
Width
Depth
Inch
22"
14"
9"
Centimetre
55.88
35.56
22.86

Measurements include wheels and fixed handles.

We’ve thoughtfully designed a range of carry-ons with dimensions that suit your personal travel style, as well as the airlines you travel with most frequently. This Carry-On will fit in the baggage sizer and overhead bins of all major airlines in North America, Europe, Asia, and Oceania.

Warranty & Returns
We offer a 100-day trial on all our luggage. Take your time to be sure you’ve found the right travel companion.

The 100-day trial applies to unused items in brand-new condition, with original packaging.

Every piece is designed to last and is backed by our limited lifetime warranty.

Lifetime Warranty+ available for added coverage

Guaranteed for life
Every Carry-On suitcase comes with a limited lifetime warranty.

100 days to try
Try it out for 100 days. If you don’t love it, send it back. Learn more.

Free shipping on all luggage
We’ll cover shipping on all luggage to the contiguous US and Canada.

A superior carry-on handle
We focused on rethinking the critically important but often neglected telescopic handle, custom-designing every part from the ground up – from our rocksteady high-grade aluminum tubes to our sleek, ergonomic handle with the release button cleverly hidden underneath.

It’s all in the details
The integrated TSA-Accepted lock and aerospace-grade polycarbonate shell keep your belongings secure and protected, while the colour-coordinated gaskets and reverse coil YKK zippers ensure your Monos luggage is always smartly dressed, with places to go.

Thoughtfully designed interior
A zipped panel on one half of the suitcase keeps your shoes and other items tucked away, while a compression pad and ballistic nylon straps keep your clothing compact on the other half. And generously sized, thoughtfully placed pockets maximize every inch of storage, meaning you can get more out of every trip with your carry-on.
