Carry On
Original

Includes power bank

Outer metal bumpers

3.4kg

Essential

No power bank

Inner bumpers

3kg

SELECTED: Navy
LIMITED EDITION
PREORDER

Our signature case, where it all began.
Designed to hold the maximum amount that’s allowed inside the cabin with you, the July Carry On Original is a 42L cabin suitcase with an ejectable battery approved for flying across all major airlines. Safe to fly, easy to pack, and a joy to carry, it combines USB-C charging, a German polycarbonate shell, reinforced bumpers, SilentMove™ spinner wheels, and July’s Y-Strap compression system for organized carry-on travel.

42L in volume
Ejectable battery with USB-C
Aerospace-grade German polycarbonate shell
Reinforced bumpers
20-height multi-stop telescopic handle
Integrated TSA lock
Hidden laundry bag
July Y-Strap compression system
SilentMove™ wheels
Lifetime warranty, 100 day returns, and free shipping across Australia.

External dimensions including wheels 21.5" H x 15" W x 8.5" D
Internal dimensions excluding wheels 20" H x 14.5" W x 8.5" D
Total linear dimensions 45" (approved to fit as carry-on for all Australian and International standards)
Capacity 42L
Weight 7.4 lbs (3.4 kg)
German polycarbonate shell
Reinforced bumpers
Water-resistant and stain-proof nylon lining
Leather finishes on the nylon straps and hinge
YKK Japanese zippers
Nylon stain-proof laundry bag

We stand by the quality of every July product with unmatched warranty commitments.

A lifetime warranty on manufacturing faults.
100 day returns for unpersonalised items.
Free shipping across US for orders above $100.
View delivery timeframes.
Shop with 100 day returns*.

USE YOUR POWER FOR GOOD
Charge your phone on the go, anywhere.
A cleverly designed ejectable battery with standard USB and USB-C docks charges both your phone and your laptop. The Carry On and power bank are allowed anywhere your mobile phone is, and the battery is designed to be removed for flight compliance. Approved for any flight in the world.

LET’S ROLL
The best wheels you’ve never seen.
When we couldn't find the perfect wheels there was only one solution – design them ourselves. SilentMove™ 360° spinner wheels are extremely quiet, built for smooth movement, and designed to handle the cobblestones of Europe. They also have a lifetime guarantee.

LOVE THOSE CURVES
A case designed to be unbreakable.
Made from 100% aerospace-grade German polycarbonate, the case uses July’s curved eggshell design to minimise damage and optimise function. Anodised aluminium bumpers add extra protection on hard drops.

Details you’ll love.

KEEP YOUR LAUNDRY AT BAY
Every case features a hidden laundry bag that is odour-proof and compresses down to keep worn items hidden and the rest of your clothes crisp and clean.

COMFORT IN YOUR HANDS
Our multi-stop telescopic handle stops wherever you want it to. The soft-to-touch rubber handle makes it comfortable to hold while moving through airports and streets.

PERFECT ON THE INSIDE TOO
We've made it easy to pack more into your trip. The July Y-Strap Compression System uses a heavy-duty strap that pulls down to create more space in your case.

PERFECT ON THE INSIDE TOO
Packing should be easy and enjoyable.
We've made it easy to pack more into your trip. The July Y-Strap Compression System provides a heavy-duty strap that pulls down to create more space in your case. All our lining is stain-resistant, making any accidents easy to clean up too.

Lifetime Warranty.
We stand by the quality of every July product with unmatched warranty commitments.
On any manufacturing fault, anywhere you are in the world, July will repair or replace your product for you. Our luggage range has a lifetime quality guarantee on all manufacturing faults.
