CHATELET AIR 2.0
Carry-On Plus Spinner
DELSEY PARISSKU: 40167680515
$296.99$296.99
Regular price
$329.99$329.99
Sale price
Color :
Angora
SIZE :
Carry-On Plus Spinner

Features
360° Spinner Wheels
Dual Density Wheels
TSA-Accepted Lock
USB Port
ZIP SECURITECH®
Removable Pouch
Corner Protection
Made with Recycled Materials
Lightweight
Limited 10-Year Warranty

Description
Fall in love with the refined and inimitable style of the CHATELET AIR 2.0 large carry-on! Lightweight and easy to maneuver thanks to double spinner wheels and ultra-secure thanks to the DELSEY patented zip SECURITECH®2 which is 3 times more resistant than a standard zip. Its deluxe interior will make packing and unpacking easy like a breeze! It is sized to fit in the overhead compartment of most domestic airlines. The size and weight restrictions for carry-on luggage vary by airline. Please see our Airline Carry On Guide or contact your airline for more information.

Textured basketweave polycarbonate shell with vegan leather trim are a hallmark of the stylish iconic CHATELET AIR design
Corner Protectors: NEW Shock-absorbing corner protectors not only safeguard against wear and tear but add a touch of elegance to the bag
USB Port: USB Port provides a trouble-free connection to USB devices for convenient charging while on the move (power bank not included)
TSA Lock: Integrated TSA-accepted lock
Secure Zipper: DELSEY patented SECURITECH® Zip which is 3x more resistant than a standard zipper and offers optimal protection and security for your belongings
Interior Compartments: Dual compartments with compression cross straps and zippered divider securing clothing in place
Antimicrobial Fabric: Deluxe soft touch lining treated with SILVADURTM antimicrobial technology, eliminating bacteria and providing effective odor control
Zippered Pockets: Mesh zippered pockets for additional organization
Included Bags: Soft touch laundry bag and shoe bag
Four Spinner Wheels: DELSEY exclusive Dual Density, double-spinner wheels assure smooth maneuverability and a quiet ride
Soft Grip Handles: Premium and ergonomic trolley system with NEW smooth soft-grip side and top carrying handles
Meets carry-on requirements for most domestic airlines

Specifications
Weight
7.74 lbs
Exterior Dimensions
22.75 x 15 x 10 Inches (Includes handles & wheels)
Interior Dimensions
20.25 x 13.75 x 9.75 Inches
Volume
44 L
Material
100% Polycarbonate

Frequently Asked Questions
How to pick the right size luggage?
Carry-On: Ideal for 2-3 day trips and fits 3-5 outfits. Smaller carry-on fits overhead on most international and US airlines.
Carry-On Plus: Ideal for 3-5 day trips and fits 5-7 outfits. Larger carry-on fits overhead on most US airlines.
Medium Checked/Trunk: Suitable for 1-2 week trips and fits 10-12 outfits. Must be checked on all airlines
Large Checked/Trunk: Perfect for trips over two weeks and fits 15-21 outfits. Must be checked on all airlines
*Size restrictions vary by airline, contact your airline for more information.

What is included in the warranty?
Limited Lifetime Warranty, 10 and 5-Year Limited Warranty for Wheels, Zippers, Extension, and Carrying Handles.
2-Year Limited Warranty for defects impacting the functional performance of the product.
Exclusions to Warranty Coverage: Defects resulting from normal wear and tear, accidents, neglect, misuse, unauthorized modifications, and non-compliance with electronic components.

Quality Testing
At DELSEY PARIS, we ensure your luggage exceeds industry standards with rigorous testing. Here's how we guarantee durability.
