Baseline
Essential 22" Carry-On Expandable Spinner
Regular price $699.00

Description
Features
Specs
Lifetime Guarantee

We’ve engineered the Baseline Essential 22" Carry-On Spinner as the ultimate domestic carry-on, built with the incomparable Briggs & Riley construction that guarantees enduring performance. The patented CX® one-touch system expands to accommodate wardrobe essentials, then compresses back down for an easy fit in most US overhead bins. The exterior-mounted Outsider® handle keeps the packing surface flat, helping garments stay pristine and reducing wrinkles in transit.

SKU: BLU122CXSP-4

compression and expansion icon
Expansion & Compression

flat packing icon
Flat Packing

zipper icon
Self-Repairing Zippers

4 360 wheels icon
Spinner Wheels

TSA Approved Lock Included

Impact-resistant Corner Guards

INTERIOR FEATURES
Instantly create more packing space with one-touch CX® expansion — then compress to original size for maximum efficiency.
Keep long items like suits or dresses looking their sharpest thanks to the built-in, crease-reducing garment folder.
Skip the ironing — premium cinch-down garment panels keep clothes pristine in transit.
Efficiently store and organize accessories with two strategically placed mesh-lid zip pockets.
Interior lining is soft and inviting, while the contrasting color makes contents easy to find.

EXTERIOR FEATURES
Clothes stay beautifully crisp with the revolutionary Outsider® handle design — mounted on the suitcase exterior for a smooth, flat packing surface that reduces wrinkling.
Experience adjustable comfort and durability with the multi-height aluminum telescoping handle.
Navigate quietly and smoothly with robust 360º shock-absorbing spinner wheels.
Built for a lifetime of reliable performance with impact-resistant corner guards.
Experience reliable, silky-smooth zipper performance with self-repairing YKK® zippers.
Add a personalized leather monogram nameplate for tasteful refinement and instant identification.
Strap your bags securely together and enjoy effortless two-in-one transport with the SmartLink™ strap.
Identify luggage discreetly with a hide-away ID tag, then slide it out of sight for easy security.
Convenient exterior pocket secures essentials at security checkpoints, with orange lining to remind you if the pocket is open.
PowerPocket™ conveniently stores battery pack and cell phone for charging on the go.
Quickly access extra items like jackets, gloves, and scarves with the large front pocket.
Retrieve luggage easily from the overhead compartment or baggage claim with multiple grab handles on bottom, top, and sides.
Secure your zipper compartments with this TSA-approved combination cable lock.
Travel Sentry® Approved Lock allows your luggage to be opened, inspected, and relocked by security authorities without damage. For more information, visit: www.travelsentry.org

Exterior Dimensions
(includes wheels & handles)
22 x 14 x 9-11.5 in / 55.9 x 35.6 x 22.9-29.2 cm

Interior Dimensions
20 x 14 x 7.875 in / 50.8 x 35.5 x 20 cm

Capacity
2240 - 2940 cu in / 37 - 48 liters

Weight
10 lbs / 4.6 kg

Material
Remarkably strong ballistic nylon fabric resists wear, providing durability designed to endure the test of time.

Briggs and Riley is the only luggage company that offers a true lifetime guarantee. In the unlikely event that your bag needs to be repaired, we are here for you.

Our simple as that® guarantee means if your bag is ever broken or damaged, we will repair it free of charge, no proof of purchase needed, no questions asked.

Our Innovation

Compress and Expand
Create more packing space on demand with our patented CX® compression-expansion technology. One button press instantly expands your bag — then, just zip it closed and push down to compress back to the original size.

Wrinkle Reducing
Built-in tri-fold garment folder with foam roll bar neatly holds 1-2 suits and helps prevent wrinkling.

FLAT PACKING
Patented Outsider® handle is attached to the outside of the bag for greater interior packing capacity and wrinkle-free flat packing.

icon
Best Guarantee in the Industry - No Receipt Needed, No Questions Asked. Simple as That

icon
Remarkable Travelware With Exceptional Performance and Enduring Quality

icon
Expertly Crafted With Extraordinary Engineering for Timeless Style, and Made to Last for Life

icon
Enhancing the Travel Experience With Patented Innovations, for the Discerning Traveler
