CHATELET AIR 2.0
Carry-On Plus Spinner
DELSEY PARIS
SKU: 40167680515
$296.99
Regular price
$329.99
Sale price
Color:
Angora
SIZE:
Carry-On Plus Spinner

Features
360° Spinner Wheels
Dual Density Wheels
TSA-Accepted Lock
USB Port
ZIP SECURITECH®
Removable Pouch
Corner Protection
Made with Recycled Materials
Lightweight
Limited 10-Year Warranty

Description
The CHATELET AIR 2.0 Carry-On Plus Spinner is a large carry-on suitcase with DELSEY PARIS style, a lightweight 100% polycarbonate shell, and easy maneuverability from double spinner wheels. Its DELSEY patented zip SECURITECH®2 is 3 times more resistant than a standard zip, adding extra protection for belongings while traveling. The deluxe interior is designed to keep packing and unpacking organized, with dual compartments, compression cross straps, and included laundry and shoe bags.

This Carry-On Plus size offers 44 L of packing volume and is ideal for 3-5 day trips with room for 5-7 outfits. It is sized to fit in the overhead compartment of most domestic airlines. Carry-on size and weight restrictions vary by airline; please see the Airline Carry On Guide or contact your airline for more information.

Textured basketweave polycarbonate shell with vegan leather trim gives the CHATELET AIR design its refined, iconic look while keeping the suitcase lightweight for carry-on travel.
Corner Protectors: NEW shock-absorbing corner protectors help safeguard against wear and tear and add an elegant finishing detail to the bag.
USB Port: The USB port provides a trouble-free connection to USB devices for convenient charging while on the move. Power bank not included.
TSA Lock: Integrated TSA-accepted lock helps secure the main compartment for travel.
Secure Zipper: DELSEY patented SECURITECH® Zip is 3x more resistant than a standard zipper and offers added protection and security for belongings.
Interior Compartments: Dual compartments with compression cross straps and a zippered divider help secure clothing in place and make packing easier to organize.
Antimicrobial Fabric: Deluxe soft-touch lining treated with SILVADUR™ antimicrobial technology helps eliminate bacteria and provides effective odor control.
Zippered Pockets: Mesh zippered pockets provide additional organization for smaller travel items.
Included Bags: Soft-touch laundry bag and shoe bag separate worn clothing and shoes from the rest of the packed contents.
Four Spinner Wheels: DELSEY exclusive Dual Density, double-spinner wheels are designed for smooth maneuverability and a quiet ride through airports, hotels, and transit.
Soft Grip Handles: Premium ergonomic trolley system with NEW smooth soft-grip side and top carrying handles makes the suitcase easier to lift, roll, and handle.
Meets carry-on requirements for most domestic airlines.

Specifications
Weight
7.74 lbs
Exterior Dimensions
22.75 x 15 x 10 Inches (Includes handles & wheels)
Interior Dimensions
20.25 x 13.75 x 9.75 Inches
Volume
44 L
Material
100% Polycarbonate

Frequently Asked Questions
How to pick the right size luggage?
Carry-On: Ideal for 2-3 day trips and fits 3-5 outfits. Smaller carry-on fits overhead on most international and US airlines.
Carry-On Plus: Ideal for 3-5 day trips and fits 5-7 outfits. Larger carry-on fits overhead on most US airlines.
Medium Checked/Trunk: Suitable for 1-2 week trips and fits 10-12 outfits. Must be checked on all airlines.
Large Checked/Trunk: Perfect for trips over two weeks and fits 15-21 outfits. Must be checked on all airlines.
*Size restrictions vary by airline, contact your airline for more information.

What is included in the warranty?
Limited Lifetime Warranty, 10 and 5-Year Limited Warranty for Wheels, Zippers, Extension, and Carrying Handles.
2-Year Limited Warranty for defects impacting the functional performance of the product.
Exclusions to Warranty Coverage: Defects resulting from normal wear and tear, accidents, neglect, misuse, unauthorized modifications, and non-compliance with electronic components.

Quality Testing
At DELSEY PARIS, luggage is rigorously tested to help ensure it exceeds industry standards for durability.
