Carry-On
Rated 4.9 out of 5 1355 ReviewsBased on 1355 reviewsClick to go to reviews
$255
$284

4 interest-free installments or from $23.02/mo with  View sample plans

Desert Taupe
Limited Edition
5 left in stock. Free Shipping.

Save 15% on essential accessories 

Description
Features
Specs
Warranty & Returns
With its award-winning design and solid build, the Monos Carry-On suitcase is the perfect travel companion. This carry-on luggage size is designed to fit in the overhead bin of almost any flight, anywhere in the world.

Outfitted with an unbreakable polycarbonate shell, ultra-sturdy telescopic handle, TSA-approved lock, whisper-quiet wheels, vegan leather details, and all-premium materials. When you’re not travelling, the Carry-On suitcase nests inside any of our Check-In sizes for easy storage.

Save with a set
$255 $284
Shop smart. Add other items and save $20 when you order together with your Carry-On.

Compare sizes.

Front view of Carry-On Plus in Desert Taupe
Carry-On Plus
Front view of Carry-On Pro in Desert Taupe
Carry-On Pro
Front view of Carry-On Pro Plus in Desert Taupe
Carry-On Pro Plus
Front view of Check-In Medium in Desert Taupe
Check-In Medium
Front view of Check-In Large in Desert Taupe
Check-In Large
Guaranteed for life
Every Carry-On suitcase comes with a limited lifetime warranty.

100 days to try
Try it out for 100 days. If you don’t love it, send it back. Learn more.

Free shipping
We’ll cover shipping on all orders to the contiguous US and Canada.

A superior carry-on handle
We focused on rethinking the critically important but often neglected telescopic handle, custom-designing every part from the ground up – from our rocksteady high-grade aluminum tubes to our sleek, ergonomic handle with the release button cleverly hidden underneath.

It’s all in the details
The integrated TSA-approved lock and aerospace-grade polycarbonate shell keep your belongings secure and protected, while the colour-coordinated gaskets and reverse coil YKK zippers ensure your Monos luggage is always smartly dressed, with places to go.

Thoughtfully designed interior
A zipped panel on one half of the suitcase keeps your shoes and other items tucked away, while a compression pad and ballistic nylon straps keep your clothing compact on the other half. And generously sized, thoughtfully placed pockets maximize every inch of storage, meaning you can get more out of every trip with your carry-on.

You might also be interested in
Sale
Carry-On Pro
$295 $311

12 colours available

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Sale
Carry-On Plus
$275 $306

12 colours available

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Sale
Carry-On Pro Plus
$315 $332

12 colours available

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Customer reviews
Carry-On
Reviews 1355 Questions 36
average rating4.9 out of 5
Based on 1355 reviews
Sort by
Most Helpful
Melody Y. Reviewed by Melody Y., from United States Verified Buyer
Rated 5 out of 5Review postedover 3 years ago
Read on for an EXTREMELY in-depth comparison
For some background, I was in the market for a new suitcase as my old Samsonite roller was falling apart. I couldnt ignore the presence of Away on social media, so I decided to purchase their suitcase. Shortly after, I saw ads for Monos and decided to purchase it as well to compare the two as they both had 100 day return policies (caveat: I believe Monos only takes unused suitcases for return, but I didnt return it so I cant confirm). I will mention that the Away came in week, while the Monos came in 2 weeks, and I live in Manhattan, NY.


TLDR: Lets be real - these suitcases look extremely similar. Quality- and design-wise, Monos knocks it out of the park at every point of comparison.


Im aware that Monos has a list of differences vs Away that they will send upon request, which might be worth asking for if youre on the fence. I did not ask for such a list, I havent seen what they have to say, and I made my own having directly compared the two when they arrived:


- Handles: the Monos handle is noticeably sturdier, and the suitcase seems better balanced - the Away suitcase body shakes when I jiggle the handle, while the Monos body stays still. Night and day quality difference here.


- Shell: I immediately noticed how thin the Away was - comparing the two side by side, the Monos is much thicker and sturdier while the Away felt like a childs toy.


- Zipper: the Monos zipper is sturdy and flush, while the Away zipper is recessed and feels flimsy; given Aways design…

Read more
Was this helpful?  1818people voted yes  38people voted no
Monos
about 2 years ago

Hi Melody,

Our team wants to take this time to express how appreciative we are about your thorough and thoughtful comparison on our luggage. We are so extremely happy to see that you are satisfied with your Monos case and thank you so much for your honesty! Please feel free to DM us at anytime :)

Keith W.Reviewed by Keith W. Verified Buyer
Rated 5 out of 5Review postedabout 2 years ago
Exceeded Expectations
I had been researching luggage for over a year when I came across Monos. I was so close to getting the other known brand but dove deep into the story behind Monos and what they bring to the table. After going through articles, reviews, YouTube videos, employee comments and their production factory; this company blew the other one Away. I felt investing in luggage with Monos was going to be worth the cost and walk away with a superior luggage.

I finally decided on the ones I wanted; carry-on (regular) in colours Ocean Blue & Olive Green. I ended up purchasing a complete set with Monos compression cubes & Metro backpacks (see other reviews for more info). I ordered back in December and revived them at the end of January. I was so giddy with excitement opening up the products and they did not disappoint.

The luggage itself; gorgeous with complete functionality. The exact measurements came in a tad under what is stated, which is to be expected If it’s to fit in any overhead luggage compartment on any plane. Looks closer to 21.5 x 8.75 x 14.5 and weights empty at 6.5 lbs (with no shoe bags, luggage tag, etc). Weighs 8.5 lbs with 4 compression cubes (empty), luggage tag, laundry bag, and 2 shoe bags (all empty). The inside antibacterial material is smooth like butter, feels amazing to the touch.

The compression pad itself I was so happy to feel that it’s not entirely a pad material! To strengthen itself for compression, the outer rim of the compression pad feels like it has…

Read more
Open Image by Keith W. in a modal Open Image by Keith W. in a modal Open Image by Keith W. in a modal Open Image by Keith W. in a modal Open Image by Keith W. in a modal Open Image by Keith W. in a modal Open Image by Keith W. in a modal
Was this helpful?  402people voted yes  20people voted no
Monos
about 2 years ago

This review had to be shared with our entire team! Thank you for sharing your full experience.

Tiffany D. Reviewed by Tiffany D., from United States
Rated 5 out of 5Review postedabout 3 years ago
Very luxurious.
I love the feel of this product. It feels very sturdy yet not stiff. The inside lining is a very nice and durable, easily cleaning material. This is what I could fit in it on my trip:

Laundry bag

Baby wipes

Hair brush

Curling wand

Flat iron

Hair dryer

Down jacket

Beanie

Scarf

Hand mirror

6 pairs of socks

2 Sports bras

4 t shirts

2 pajama shorts

2 sweat pants

5 long sleeves/sweaters

4 leggings

1 pair of jeans

6 tank tops.

Open Image by Tiffany D. in a modal Open Image by Tiffany D. in a modal Open Image by Tiffany D. in a modal
Was this helpful?  330people voted yes  9people voted no
Davina Reviewed by Davina, from United States
Rated 4 out of 5Review postedabout 3 years ago
Beautiful with a few flaws
I waited to review the carry-on until I finally used it. First of all, the suitcase is absolutely beautiful inside and out. It definitely fits in more than you think and it rolls perfectly even over the airport carpets. Customer service has also been top notch throughout the buying process.

On the downside, the handle will not come up if you overstuff the suitcase even a little bit. I really wish the compression pad was removable because of the way the straps are placed they will press your clothes towards the middle of the suitcase instead of evenly spreading them, which puts pressure on the handle.

Was this helpful?  208people voted yes  16people voted no
Jane Reviewed by Jane, from United States
Rated 5 out of 5Review postedabout 3 years ago
Great business carry-on
I was tired of carrying an over the shoulder bag and was looking to upgrade. My business trips are short so I wanted something I could always carry on. And would fit my walking shoes, heals, and running shoes. This bag did not disappoint. I was also able to drop my laptop in the middle easily once through security.

Most planes I fly on are smaller so I was worried about it fitting in the cabin. When it did not fit in the overhead bin, it did fit under the seat.

Open Image by Jane in a modal
Was this helpful?  205people voted yes  19people voted no
Show more