
Translation missing: en.sections.slideshow.next_slide
Platinum® Elite Carry-On Expandable Hardside Spinner
 
Platinum® Elite Carry-On Hardside Spinner
SKU:
409209101
Translation missing: en.products.product.sale_price
$314.49
Regular price
$369.99
0 Reviews
Color:Shadow Black
SHADOW BLACKSHADOW BLACKDARK SKY BLUEDARK SKY BLUEDARING REDDARING REDTRUE NAVYTRUE NAVYVINTAGE GREYVINTAGE GREYMETALLIC SANDMETALLIC SANDCREAM WHITECREAM WHITE
product options
Quantity
Quantity Minus
1
Quantity Plus
Add to Cart
 Get it by Thu, Apr 18, with FedEx Standard Overnight
Ship to: 94118 (Change) View All Shipping Options
4 interest-free installments, or from $28.39/mo with  Check your purchasing power


undefined $369.99, undefined $314.49.Translation missing: en.products.product.loader_label
100 DAYS TRIAL
100 DAYS TRIAL
QUALITY ASSURANCE
QUALITY ASSURANCE
FREE SHIPPING OVER $99
FREE SHIPPING OVER $99
Description
Stylish, ultra-durable and loaded with features, the Platinum® Elite Carry-on Expandable Hardside Spinner offers all the modern conveniences you want in a sophisticated carry-on that adapts when you need more packing space. Power your electronics on the go using external USB A & C ports with fast-charge capabilities and a dedicated external-access battery pocket (patent pending) that provides FAA-compliant storage for your power bank (Power bank not included). Sizer bin tested to fit in the overhead bins of most major domestic airlines, this carry-on also offers a zippered 2” expansion option to increase packing capacity when needed.

 

Designed for great looks and ultimate resilience, this hardside carry-on spinner is durably constructed with an ultra-strong, easy-to-clean, 100% polycarbonate shell that flexes upon impact to prevent cracking and keep contents protected, while its attractive textured finish helps reduce the visibility of scuffs or scratching. Genuine leather trim adds sophistication, and distinctive aluminum corner armor protects high-impact areas in style. The built-in TSA-approved lock allows authorities secure access for inspection when required.

 

Pack with ease inside the clamshell design with two zippered divider panels that keep contents separated and stored securely in place. Multiple accessory pockets provide built-in organization, and a convenient, water-resistant pocket stows damp items or toiletries.

 

On the move, this compact beauty flies with precise control and effortless roll, thanks to the Travelpro® exclusive PrecisionGlide® System–eight MagnaTrac® self-aligning spinner wheels led by a sturdy, four-stop adjustable PowerScope Lite handle with comfortable Contour Grip.

features + dimensions
Key Features
PrecisionGlide® System delivers precise control and effortless roll with a Contour Grip, PowerScope Lite Handle and MagnaTrac® self-aligning magnetic Spinner Wheels
External USB A & C ports with fast-charge capabilities let you power your electronics on the go and the external battery pocket (Patent Pending) is hidden inside the expansion feature for easy access and FAA compliance (Power bank not included)
Ultra-strong 100% polycarbonate hard shell with aluminum corner guards protects contents and has a stylish, textured finish which helps reduce the visibility of scuffs or scratching
Dimensions
Overall Dimensions (includes wheels and carry handles):
H: 23 in. W: 14.5 in. D: 9.5 in.
Case Dimensions: H: 20.25 in. W: 13.5 in. D: 9.25 in.
Weight: 8.1 lbs.
Volume: 45 L
Sizer Bin Tested
This Carry-on bag has been sizer bin tested to accommodate overhead bin space on most major US airlines. Fully expanded Carry-On may not meet airline restrictions.

warranty / return policy
BUILT FOR A LIFETIME
LIMITED WORRY FREE WARRANTY
This limited warranty covers defects in materials and workmanship that negatively impact the functional performance of the product, including:*

Wheels
Zippers
Extension handles
Carrying handles
For more Warranty Information: Click Here

TRUSTED COMPANION PROMISE
A WORRY-FREE ENHANCEMENT
Register your product with Travelpro® within 120 days of delivery date (or original date of gift receipt), and you will receive the below noted additional benefits for the first (5) five years of your Limited Warranty coverage:

Covering shipping cost for product that needs to be shipped to one of our repair facilities for warranty repair or replacement.
Covering the cost of repair for damage caused by an airline or other common carrier.
To register this Product: Click Here


100 DAY TRIAL
If your Travelpro® luggage fails to meet your expectations for any reason, you may return it for a full refund within 100 days, no questions asked. We’ll even pay the return shipping.*

Click Here to learn more about our 100 Day Easy Trial.

Compare Carry-On Sizes
Reviews
📊 Compare Travelpro® Carry-ons
 
Precise Control and Effortless Roll
PrecisionGlide® System

Precise control and effortless roll, thanks to the Travelpro® exclusive PrecisionGlide® System–eight MagnaTrac® self-aligning spinner wheels led by a sturdy, four-stop adjustable PowerScope Lite handle with comfortable Contour Grip.

Power Up On the Go
USB A & C Charging Ready

External USB A & C ports with fast-charge capabilities let you power your electronics on the go and the external battery pocket (Patent Pending) is hidden inside the expansion feature for easy access and FAA compliance (Power bank not included).

Stylish Design - Ultra Durable
100% Polycarbonate Hard Shell

Ultra-strong 100% polycarbonate hard shell with aluminum corner guards protects contents and has a stylish, textured finish which helps reduce the visibility of scuffs or scratching.


2 Inch Additional Packing Capacity
Expansion

2 Inch expansion capability provides additional packing capacity when needed.

Product Specifications

*Overall dimensions include exterior components such as wheels and top & side carry handles.


Sizer bin tested to fit in the overhead bins of most major domestic airlines while allowing for more packing capacity


Stylish textured finish helps reduce the visibility of scuffs or scratching


Genuine leather trim detail on the front of the bag adds sophisticated style


Aluminum corner armor protects high-impact areas in style and helps you identify your bag on the luggage carousel


Interior water-resistant pocket provides packing versatility for damp items or toiletries


Patented PowerScope Lite aluminum extension handle minimizes wobble and has four stops at 36", 38”, 40” and 42.5” for users of different heights


Built-in lock allows TSA authorities to unlock and lock safely and securely when needed. Default lock code is set to 0-0-0


Interior zippered divider panels keep contents organized, separated and secured in place

WHICH SIZE IS RIGHT FOR YOU?

Compact Carry On
Compact

Carry-On

Carry-on
Carry-on

Viewing now

 

 
Complies with carry-on size restrictions published by nearly all major domestics airlines 

 
Sizer bin tested to fit perfectly in overhead bins of most major domestic airlines while allowing for more packing capacity

  3-5 Day Trip

 4-6 Day Trip

 5-9 Outfits

 7-11 Outfits

Weight: 7.9 lbs

Volume: 39 L

Weight: 8.1 lbs

Volume: 45 L

Shop Now	 View Above
Other Customers Were Interested In




















You May Also Like




















Reviews
Shop
Carry On Luggage
Checked Luggage
Hard Shell Luggage
Garment Bags
Luggage Sets
Business Bags
Travel Accessories
Packing Cubes
Customer Service
Customer Service Center
FAQ's
Orders and Shipping
Returns & Refunds
Contact Customer Service
Discover
About Travelpro
Our History
Travelpro Guides
Blog
Careers
Become an Affiliate
Influencers
Media Inquiries
Corporate Gifting
Sitemap
STAY CONNECTED
Sign up for tips & offers + 10% off your first order!

Enter your email address
Submit
YouTube
Instagram
Facebook
Twitter
ADA Site Compliance
Travelpro ADA compliance
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Do Not Sell My Personal Information
Copyright Travelpro Products, Inc. All trademarks on this website are the exclusive property of Travelpro Products, Inc. All rights reserved. Other company, product, service names may be trademarks or service marks of others.