Platinum¼ Elite Carry-On Expandable Hardside Spinner
Platinum¼ Elite Carry-On Hardside Spinner
SKU:
409209101
$314.49
Regular price
$369.99
0 Reviews
Color: Shadow Black

100 DAYS TRIAL
QUALITY ASSURANCE
FREE SHIPPING OVER $99

Description
Stylish, ultra-durable, and built for overhead-bin travel, the Platinum¼ Elite Carry-on Expandable Hardside Spinner is a sophisticated carry-on that adapts when you need more packing space. External USB A & C ports with fast-charge capabilities let you power electronics on the go, while the dedicated external-access battery pocket (patent pending) provides FAA-compliant storage for your power bank. Power bank not included. Sizer bin tested to fit in the overhead bins of most major domestic airlines, this carry-on also includes a zippered 2” expansion option to increase packing capacity when needed.

Designed for great looks and everyday travel resilience, this hardside carry-on spinner is made with an ultra-strong, easy-to-clean, 100% polycarbonate shell that flexes upon impact to help prevent cracking and protect contents. The textured finish helps reduce the visibility of scuffs or scratching, while genuine leather trim adds sophistication. Distinctive aluminum corner armor protects high-impact areas in style, and the built-in TSA-approved lock allows authorities secure access for inspection when required.

Pack with ease inside the clamshell design. Two zippered divider panels keep contents separated and secured in place, multiple accessory pockets provide built-in organization, and a convenient water-resistant pocket stows damp items or toiletries.

On the move, this compact carry-on rolls with precise control, thanks to the Travelpro¼ exclusive PrecisionGlide¼ System: eight MagnaTrac¼ self-aligning spinner wheels led by a sturdy, four-stop adjustable PowerScope Lite handle with a comfortable Contour Grip.

features + dimensions
Key Features
PrecisionGlide¼ System delivers precise control and an effortless roll with a Contour Grip, PowerScope Lite Handle, and MagnaTrac¼ self-aligning magnetic Spinner Wheels
External USB A & C ports with fast-charge capabilities let you power electronics on the go; the external battery pocket (Patent Pending) is hidden inside the expansion feature for easy access and FAA compliance. Power bank not included
Ultra-strong 100% polycarbonate hard shell with aluminum corner guards protects contents, while the stylish textured finish helps reduce the visibility of scuffs or scratching

Dimensions
Overall Dimensions (includes wheels and carry handles):
H: 23 in. W: 14.5 in. D: 9.5 in.
Case Dimensions: H: 20.25 in. W: 13.5 in. D: 9.25 in.
Weight: 8.1 lbs.
Volume: 45 L

Sizer Bin Tested
This Carry-on bag has been sizer bin tested to accommodate overhead bin space on most major US airlines. Fully expanded Carry-On may not meet airline restrictions.

warranty / return policy
BUILT FOR A LIFETIME
LIMITED WORRY FREE WARRANTY
This limited warranty covers defects in materials and workmanship that negatively impact the functional performance of the product, including:*
Wheels
Zippers
Extension handles
Carrying handles

TRUSTED COMPANION PROMISE
A WORRY-FREE ENHANCEMENT
Register your product with Travelpro¼ within 120 days of delivery date (or original date of gift receipt), and you will receive the below noted additional benefits for the first (5) five years of your Limited Warranty coverage:
Covering shipping cost for product that needs to be shipped to one of our repair facilities for warranty repair or replacement.
Covering the cost of repair for damage caused by an airline or other common carrier.

100 DAY TRIAL
If your Travelpro¼ luggage fails to meet your expectations for any reason, you may return it for a full refund within 100 days, no questions asked. We’ll even pay the return shipping.*

Precise Control and Effortless Roll
PrecisionGlide¼ System
The Travelpro¼ exclusive PrecisionGlide¼ System is built for precise control and effortless rolling, with eight MagnaTrac¼ self-aligning spinner wheels led by a sturdy, four-stop adjustable PowerScope Lite handle and comfortable Contour Grip.

Power Up On the Go
USB A & C Charging Ready
External USB A & C ports with fast-charge capabilities let you power electronics on the go. The external battery pocket (Patent Pending) is hidden inside the expansion feature for easy access and FAA compliance. Power bank not included.

Stylish Design - Ultra Durable
100% Polycarbonate Hard Shell
The ultra-strong 100% polycarbonate hard shell helps protect contents and flexes upon impact to help prevent cracking. Aluminum corner guards protect high-impact areas, and the stylish textured finish helps reduce the visibility of scuffs or scratching.

2 Inch Additional Packing Capacity
Expansion
2 Inch expansion capability provides additional packing capacity when needed.

Product Specifications
*Overall dimensions include exterior components such as wheels and top & side carry handles.
Sizer bin tested to fit in the overhead bins of most major domestic airlines while allowing for more packing capacity
Stylish textured finish helps reduce the visibility of scuffs or scratching
Genuine leather trim detail on the front of the bag adds sophisticated style
Aluminum corner armor protects high-impact areas in style and helps you identify your bag on the luggage carousel
Interior water-resistant pocket provides packing versatility for damp items or toiletries
Patented PowerScope Lite aluminum extension handle minimizes wobble and has four stops at 36", 38”, 40” and 42.5” for users of different heights
Built-in lock allows TSA authorities to unlock and lock safely and securely when needed. Default lock code is set to 0-0-0
Interior zippered divider panels keep contents organized, separated and secured in place

WHICH SIZE IS RIGHT FOR YOU?
Complies with carry-on size restrictions published by nearly all major domestic airlines
Sizer bin tested to fit perfectly in overhead bins of most major domestic airlines while allowing for more packing capacity

Carry-On Hardside Spinner
3-5 Day Trip
5-9 Outfits
Weight: 7.9 lbs
Volume: 39 L

Carry-On Expandable Hardside Spinner
4-6 Day Trip
7-11 Outfits
Weight: 8.1 lbs
Volume: 45 L
