CHATELET AIR 2.0 - Carry-On Plus Spinner

360° Spinner Wheels

Dual Density Wheels

TSA-Accepted Lock

USB Port

ZIP SECURITECH®

Removable Pouch

Corner Protection

Made with Recycled Materials

Lightweight

Limited 10-Year Warranty

Description
Care, taken to the highest level.

It moves through every space with the same elegance. From the greatest airports to the most demanding city streets. Soft-touch handles and dual-density wheels offer precise, effortless handling. A comfortable grip. It follows you without a sound. A remarkable silence that never goes unnoticed.

Its patented SECURITECH® zip, ultra-secure and resistant to intrusion, protects your essentials with absolute reliability. Inside, the journey already begins: organised, elegant, practical. Intelligent compartments, dedicated pockets, securing straps… all lined with a soft peach-skin-touch interior, refined and carefully crafted. Everything in its place. Your belongings too.

Perfect For: Stylish overpackers who like a little extra room for “just in case.”

Specifications
Exterior dimensions (includes wheels and handles): H: 22.75 in. W: 15 in. D: 10 in.
Interior dimensions: H: 20.25 in. W: 13.75 in. D: 9.75 in.
Linear dimensions: 47.75
Trip length: 3-5 days
Weight: 7.7 lbs.
Capacity: 44 L
Material: 100% Polycarbonate
Warranty: 10-year limited worldwide warranty

Warranty & Returns
Warranty Policy

Since 1946, DELSEY PARIS® has been committed to providing our customers with impeccable ownership experience. DELSEY’s eco-friendly designs are made to be durable, resistant and of the highest quality — epitomizing the dedication to our customers’ continuous satisfaction and to society’s overall. DELSEY’s warranty is an extension of our values and commitment to quality.

Register your product for warranty here

Return Policy

If you are not completely satisfied with your online purchase, you may return unused merchandise within 30 days of the original shipment for a prompt refund.

Please allow 14 business days for us to process your return.

Start your return here

For shipping info, see our policy here
