Platinum® Elite Carry-On Hardside Spinner
15 reviews

$365

Carry-On
Tested to fit in overhead bins on most major U.S. airlines — with extra room for packing.

With patented smart features that deliver real-world performance and a modern aesthetic that holds up trip after trip, it's no surprise our flagship hardside carry-on spinner is both a Best Of list-topper and a consistent bestseller.

100% polycarbonate hard shell
External USB A & C ports
Interior water-resistant pocket
TSA lock
2 in expansion
Patented powerscope handle with contour grip

Features + Dimensions
PrecisionGlide® System delivers precise control and effortless roll with a Contour Grip, PowerScope Lite Handle and MagnaTrac® self-aligning magnetic Spinner Wheels
External USB A & C ports lets you power your electronics on the go and the external battery pocket (Patent Pending) is hidden inside the expansion feature for easy access and FAA compliance (Power bank not included)
Ultra-strong 100% polycarbonate hard shell with aluminum corner guards protects contents and has a stylish, textured finish which helps reduce the visibility of scuffs or scratching
Genuine leather trim detail on the front of the bag adds sophisticated style
Interior water-resistant pocket
Built-in TSA lock. Default lock code is set to 0-0-0
Interior zippered divider panels keep contents organized, separated and secured in place

Overall Dimensions (includes wheels and carry handles):

H: 23 in. W: 14.5 in. D: 9.5 in.

Case Dimensions: H: 19.75 in. W: 13.75 in. D: 9.50 in.

Weight: 8.2 lbs.

Volume: 46 L

Sizer Bin Tested
This Carry-on bag has been sizer bin tested to accommodate overhead bin space on most major US airlines. Fully expanded Carry-On may not meet airline restrictions.

Details
SKU:
409269101
Smart design, seamless performance––sized to fit in overhead bins on most domestic flights. The Platinum® Elite Carry-on Expandable Hardside Spinner delivers elevated form and function, crafted for resilience, refinement, and fluid mobility. Built-in USB-A & C ports connect to a battery sleeve discreetly housed in the expansion gusset for TSA-compliant phone charging (power bank not included).

Its sleek polycarbonate shell resists cracking under pressure, while polished aluminum corner armor artfully reinforces high-collision zones. A 2" zippered expansion adds space when needed, making room for unexpected additions or more generous packing. The built-in TSA lock safeguards your belongings to allow secure inspections without damage.

Inside, ECOFAB™ lining—made from 100% recycled plastic bottles—wipes clean with ease. Built-in dividers and removable shoe bags keep your wardrobe crisp and compartmentalized, while a water-resistant pocket separates damp or spill-prone items. A hidden sleeve for your tracking device keeps you one step ahead.

Engineered for precision on the move, the Travelpro® PrecisionGlide® System ensures smooth, responsive handling through every stage of your trip. Self-aligning MagnaTrac® wheels, a multi-stop PowerScope Lite handle, and a rubberized Contour Grip integrate seamlessly for effortless control, whether you're navigating crowded terminals or rolling straight to the gate.

Warranty / Return Policy
BUILT FOR A LIFETIME
LIMITED WORRY FREE WARRANTY
This limited warranty covers defects in materials and workmanship that negatively impact the functional performance of the product, including:*

Wheels
Zippers
Extension handles
Carrying handles
For more Warranty Information: Click Here

TRUSTED COMPANION PROMISE
A WORRY-FREE ENHANCEMENT
Register your product with Travelpro® within 120 days of delivery date (or original date of gift receipt), and you will receive the below noted additional benefits for the first (5) five years of your Limited Warranty coverage:

Covering shipping cost for product that needs to be shipped to one of our repair facilities for warranty repair or replacement.
Covering the cost of repair for damage caused by an airline or other common carrier.
To register this Product: Click Here

100 DAY TRIAL
If your Travelpro® luggage fails to meet your expectations for any reason, you may return it for a full refund within 100 days, no questions asked. We’ll even pay the return shipping.*

Click Here to learn more about our 100 Day Easy Trial.

PrecisionGlide® System
Precise Control and Effortless Roll

Optimal Comfort
Ergonomic palm pads provide superior comfort when pushing your bag with either hand

Adjustable Height Control
Airline grade aluminum extension handle minimizes wobble and adjusts to 4 different heights to provide exceptional control no matter how tall you are

Effortless Roll
Self-aligning, magnetic wheels ensure your bag glides effortlessly in any direction

Power Up On the Go
External USB A & C ports with fast-charge capabilities let you power your electronics on the go, while a dedicated power bank pocket for your back-up battery adheres to FAA regulations. *Power bank not included. USB A & C port output specs: USB-A: 5V / 2A (10W); USB-C: 9V / 3A (27W).  Applicable power banks should be used for efficient cell phone charging.

Expansion
2 Inch Additional Packing Capacity
2 Inch expansion capability provides additional packing capacity when needed.

Built In TSA Lock
Safe and Secure
A built-in lock allows TSA authorities to unlock and lock safely and securely when needed. Default lock code is set to 0-0-0.

Organized & Water Resistant Interior
Interior zippered divider panels keep contents organized, separated and secured in place with a water-resistant pocket that provides packing versatility for damp items or toiletries.
