The Carry-On
$275
4.7 (4917 Reviews)
Free shipping・Free returns

Google's top-searched luggage this year.

Meet our award-winning Classic suitcases—designed by travelers, for travelers. The Carry-On is Away’s smallest suitcase, sized to fit in all overhead bins and made for quick trips of 3-5 days. It features a lightweight, durable 100% polycarbonate hard shell that has been rigorously tested, plus a signature interior compression system that helps you pack, organize, and protect more. An easy-grip top handle, additional underside grab handle, and premium 360° smooth-gliding wheels make the suitcase easier to maneuver, lift, and stow during travel.

Durable, lightweight shell
360° wheels
Interior compression
Laundry bag
Underside grab handle
3-5 days

Size & Details
Fits overhead on most major airlines
5-7 outfits
TSA combination lock
Nests in checked luggage

Durable, lightweight 100% polycarbonate shell
Premium 360° smooth-gliding wheels for better maneuverability
High-grade, quick-release trolley handle with 2 adjustable height settings
Ergonomic, reverse coil zippers for easy access and extra security
TSA-approved combination lock
Double-buckle compression pad to help you pack more in
Best-in-class interior organization with three mesh pockets, plus one hanging pocket
Additional underside grab handle for easy lifting
Water-resistant polyester laundry bag with a drawstring closure
Includes a color matched leather luggage tag
Meets carry-on requirements for most major airlines
Nests inside The Medium, The Large, and The Trunk
Our Classic suitcases are shipped in exterior packaging that is 100% recyclable. Learn more.

Exterior measurements 21.7" x 14.4" x 9"
Interior measurements 20.1" x 13.9" x 7.5"
Weight 7.5 lbs
Capacity 39.8 L
Measurements include wheels.

travel-sentry-logo
TSA-approved combination lock
Using this Travel Sentry® lock allows your luggage to be opened, inspected, and relocked by security authorities without damage. For more information, visit: www.travelsentry.org

Warranty & Return Policy
We want you to love everything about getting Away—which is why we offer free returns and exchanges on unused items for the first 100 days. We can only accept returns on unused items, so please gently test them out at home before traveling with them. Learn more about our return policy.

Our suitcases are guaranteed by a limited warranty that covers any damage to the shell, wheels, handles, zippers, and many other functional elements of our luggage. Learn more about our warranty.

Keep in mind that while personalized items cannot be returned or exchanged, they are still covered by our warranties. For shipping info, see our FAQ.

Thoughtfully designed for smooth travel
Person holding stable, comfortable handle of an Away carry-on suitcase

Get a (better) grip
The easy-grip top handle is designed to feel stable and comfortable when steering, lifting, or moving through busy travel spaces.

The perfect match
Person grabbing the underside handle of an Away suitcase for easy lifting

Handle it all
The additional underside grab handle gives you another secure lifting point when placing the suitcase in an overhead bin or pulling it from storage.

Zip up, lock in
TSA-accepted lock and ergonomic zippers that easily swivel, rotate, and lock to keep everything in place.

PCV2 WePDP PC Matte-Coast Gloss-Wave Web BTF
Designed to last
With a lightweight, durable hard shell that's been rigorously tested, our award-winning Classic suitcases are designed to withstand even the harshest of conditions.

video poster

Pack mentality
Our suitcases feature one compartment for your clothes and one for bulkier items, like shoes and toiletries. With additional pockets and our signature compression pad to help you fit more in, it's easier than ever to master the art of packing.

The little things
Keep your dirty clothes separate with a drawstring laundry bag made of 100% recycled polyester.

video poster

video poster

Roll of a lifetime
Premium smooth-gliding wheels help deliver an easy ride—whether you’re navigating busy airports or crossing cobblestone streets. (Trust us, we’ve been there.)

Made to fit
The Carry-On
5-7 outfits
Fits 5-7 outfits
This will fit in the overhead bin of almost any flight.
View airline requirements
