Carry On
Original

Includes power bank

Outer metal bumpers

3.4kg

Essential

No power bank

Inner bumpers

3kg

SELECTED: Navy
LIMITED EDITION
PREORDER

Our signature case, where it all began.
Designed to hold the maximum amount that’s allowed inside the cabin with you. It has an ejectable battery that is approved for flying across all major airlines, so you can charge on the go while keeping the battery easy to remove when needed. Safe to fly, a joy to carry.

42L in volume
Ejectable battery with USB-C
Aerospace-grade German polycarbonate shell
Reinforce bumpers
20-height multi-stop telescopic handle
Integrated TSA lock
Hidden laundry bag
July Y-Strap compression system
SilentMoveTM wheels
Lifetime warranty, 100 day returns, and free shipping across Australia.

External dimensions including wheels 21.5" H x 15" W x 8.5" D
Internal dimensions excluding wheels 20" H x 14.5" W x 8.5" D
Total linear dimensions 45" (approved to fit as carry-on for all Australian and International standards)
Capacity 42L
Weight 7.4 lbs (3.4 kg)
German polycarbonate shell
Reinforce bumpers
Water-resistant and stain-proof nylon lining
Leather finishes on the nylon straps and hinge
YKK Japanese zippers
Nylon stain-proof laundry bag

We stand by the quality of every July product with unmatched warranty commitments.

A lifetime warranty on manufacturing faults.
100 day returns for unpersonalised items.
Free shipping across US for orders above $100.
View delivery timeframes.
Shop with 100 day returns*.

USE YOUR POWER FOR GOOD
Charge your phone on the go, anywhere.
A cleverly designed ejectable battery with standard USB and USB-C docks charges both your phone and your laptop. The Carry On and power bank are allowed anywhere your mobile phone is. Approved for any flight in the world.

LET’S ROLL
The best wheels you’ve never seen.
When we couldn't find the perfect wheels there was only one solution – design them ourselves. Introducing SilentMove 360° spinner wheels. Extremely quiet, they can handle the cobblestones of Europe and have a lifetime guarantee.

LOVE THOSE CURVES
A case designed to be unbreakable.
100% aerospace-grade German polycarbonate, the case embodies our unique curved eggshell design that minimises damage and optimises function. We also added anodised aluminium bumpers for extra protection on hard drops.

Details you’ll love.

KEEP YOUR LAUNDRY AT BAY
Every case features a hidden laundry bag that is odour-proof and compresses down to keep your worn items hidden and the rest of your clothes crisp clean.

COMFORT IN YOUR HANDS
Our multi-stop telescopic handle stops wherever you want it to. With a soft-to-touch rubber handle, it is a pleasure to hold.

PERFECT ON THE INSIDE TOO
Packing should be easy and enjoyable.
We've made it easy to pack more into your trip. Our July Y-Strap Compression System provides a heavy-duty strap that pulls down to create more space in your case. All our lining is stain-resistant, making any accidents easy to clean up too.

Lifetime Warranty.
We stand by the quality of every July product with unmatched warranty commitments.
On any manufacturing fault, anywhere you are in the world, July will repair or replace your product for you. Our luggage range has a lifetime quality guarantee on all manufacturing faults.
