Carry On
Original

Includes power bank


Outer metal bumpers


3.4kg

Essential

No power bank


Inner bumpers


3kg

SELECTED: Navy
LIMITED EDITION
PREORDER
Our signature case, where it all began.
Designed to hold the maximum amount that’s allowed inside the cabin with you. It has an ejectable battery that is approved for flying across all major airlines. Safe to fly, a joy to carry.



OR

Personalisation Image
SET & SAVE.

$73.75 X 4 INSTALLMENTS

FAST AND FREE SHIPPING
42L in volume
Ejectable battery with USB-C
Aerospace-grade German polycarbonate shell
Reinforce bumpers
20-height multi-stop telescopic handle
Integrated TSA lock
Hidden laundry bag
July Y-Strap compression system
SilentMoveTM wheels
Lifetime warranty, 100 day returns, and free shipping across Australia.
External dimensions including wheels 21.5" H x 15" W x 8.5" D
Internal dimensions excluding wheels 20" H x 14.5" W x 8.5" D
Total linear dimensions 45" (approved to fit as carry-on for all Australian and International standards)
Capacity 42L
Weight 7.4 lbs (3.4 kg)
German polycarbonate shell
Reinforce bumpers
Water-resistant and stain-proof nylon lining
Leather finishes on the nylon straps and hinge
YKK Japanese zippers
Nylon stain-proof laundry bag
We stand by the quality of every July product with unmatched warranty commitments.

A lifetime warranty on manufacturing faults.
100 day returns for unpersonalised items.
Free shipping across US for orders above $100. 
View delivery timeframes.
Shop with 100 day returns*.
CarryOn
Carry On
CarryOnTrunk
Carry On Trunk
CarryOnSnapSleeve™
Carry On Pro SnapSleeve™
CarryOnLight
Carry On Light
Capacity
42L	42L	42L	32L
Integrated power bank
20+ height tele handle
Zip-free access
External pocket for laptop
Under 4lbs / 2kg in weight
USE YOUR POWER FOR GOOD
Charge your phone on the go, anywhere.
A cleverly designed ejectable battery with standard USB and USB-C docks that charges both your phone and your laptop. The Carry On and power bank are allowed anywhere your mobile phone is. Approved for any flight in the world.




luggage1.webp
LET’S ROLL
The best wheels you’ve never seen.
When we couldn't find the perfect wheels there was only one solution – design it ourselves. Introducing SilentMove 360° spinner wheels. Extremely quiet, they can handle the cobblestones of Europe, and have a lifetime guarantee.


luggage4.webp
LOVE THOSE CURVES
A case designed to be unbreakable.
100% aerospace-grade German polycarbonate, the case embodies our unique curved eggshell design that minimises damage and optimises function. We also added anodised aluminium bumpers for extra protection on hard drops.




Details you’ll love.

KEEP YOUR LAUNDRY AT BAY
Every case features a hidden laundry bag that is odour-proof and compresses down to keep your worn items hidden and the rest of your clothes crisp clean.

COMFORT IN YOUR HANDS
Our multi-stop telescopic handle stops wherever you want it to. With a soft-to-touch rubber handle making it a pleasure to hold.

PERFECT ON THE INSIDE TOO
We've made it easy to pack more into your trip. Our July Y-Strap Compression System provides a heavy-duty strap that pulls down to create more space in your case.
PERFECT ON THE INSIDE TOO
Packing should be easy and enjoyable.
We've made it easy to pack more into your trip. Our July Y-Strap Compression System provides a heavy-duty strap that pulls down to create more space in your case. All our lining is stain-resistant making any accidents easy to clean up too.


download.svg
Lifetime Warranty.
We stand by the quality of every July product with unmatched warranty commitments.
On any manufacturing fault, anywhere you are in the world, July will repair or replace your product for you. Our luggage range has a lifetime quality guarantee on all manufacturing faults.
Reviews
What our customers are saying.

footer.webp
BE A PART OF THE JULY COMMUNITY
Sign up for the latest news, product releases and offers.
your@email.com or +11234567890
SIGN UP
Designed in Melbourne. 
Made for the world.

PRODUCTS
Luggage
Travel Bags
Travel Accessories
Gift Card
ABOUT
Why July
Press
Corporate Gifting
Shipping Details
SUPPORT
FAQs
Contact Us
Returns Policy
Privacy Policy
Lifetime Warranty
Afterpay
SOCIALS
Instagram
Facebook
Pinterest
Twitter
TikTok
Terms & Conditions
© July 2023 All Rights Reserved
Logo Image