The Carry-On in Jet Black

4.6
Read 6980 Reviews. Same page link.
(7K)
Regular price$275
Now includes LifetimeCare™ Coverage


The Carry-On is our smallest suitcase, sized to fit in all overhead bins and perfect for quick trips.

Fits overhead on most major airlines

5-7 outfits

TSA combination lock

Nests in checked luggage
Description
Meet our award-winning Classic suitcases—designed by travelers, for travelers. The Carry-On is our smallest suitcase, sized to fit in all overhead bins and perfect for any quick trip. It features a lightweight, durable hard shell that's been rigorously tested and a signature interior compression system that helps you pack, organize and protect more. Details like an easy-grip top handle, additional underside grab handle, and smooth-gliding wheels make it easier than ever to maneuver and lift your suitcase. Better travel starts here. Features
Durable, lightweight 100% polycarbonate shell
Premium 360 smooth-gliding wheels for better maneuverability
High-grade, quick-release trolley handle with 2 adjustable height settings
Ergonomic, reverse coil zippers for easy access and extra security
TSA-approved combination lock
Double-buckle compression pad to help you pack more in
Best-in-class interior organization (three mesh pockets, plus one hanging pocket)
Additional underside grab handle for easy lifting
Water-resistant polyester laundry bag with a drawstring closure
Includes a black luggage tag, crafted from 50% recycled leather
Meets carry-on requirements for most major airlines
Nests inside The Medium, The Large, and The Trunk
Our Classic suitcases are shipped in exterior packaging that is 100% recyclable. Learn more. Size
Exterior measurements 21.7" x 14.4" x 9"
Interior measurements 20.1" x 13.9" x 7.5"
Weight 7.5 lbs
Capacity 41 L
Measurements include wheels.  Warranty
We offer free returns and exchanges on unused items within 100 days. Learn more.

Every suitcase comes with Away LifetimeCare™ Coverage, which includes repair support for the life of your suitcase and covers functional damage from manufacturing defects or unexpected rough travel. For the first five years, repairs are complimentary. If we're unable to repair covered damage, we'll provide up to one replacement within that period. After five years, repair support continues, and round trip shipping stays on us. Learn more.

For extended support, you can add LifetimeCare™ Pro at checkout to receive 10 years of complimentary repairs and up to two replacements within that same period. Learn more.

If you purchased your suitcase prior to April 14, 2026, see warranty details here. Have an airline in mind?
If you've got a trip coming up (or a frequent flier status to maintain), use the chart below to see which carry-on will fit on your flights. We tested our carry-ons at JFK, EWR, LGA, STN, LGW, and LHR to see how each size fits on the below airlines. Learn more about our testing process.

Keep in mind that this info can change at any time, but don't worry; we'll do our best to keep it up to date. You'll also want to check the airline that's operating the flight, which may be different from the airline you booked with.


Airline compatibility
What it fits
Durability
Description
What it fits
Durability
Compare
The Carry-On in Jet BlackEdit


Add to cart -
Regular price$275
See it in action

Pack more—our patented compression system is designed to be stuffed

Length of trip
3-5 days

Capacity
5-7 outfits

Airline compatibility
Fits in the overhead bin of most airlines

Check your airline
Not the right size?
Compare with other carry ons
Faultless service and product. Highly recommend on every possible metric.

Read all reviews
This is our first smaller case from Away. We have two large cases which we love for long trips but never bothered to optimise what we use for shorter trips until now! The Carry-On is the perfect size for all...

Love the product and the quality. It is a functional product and well thought out.

Designed to stand up to miles of travel

Mileage that won't give out
Every Away handle design is tested through 1,500 pulls at up to 60 lbs — so it holds up when you grab, lift, or drag it on your next trip.


Wheels that never quit
Before your suitcase logs its first miles with you, it’s already gone the distance. Every design is rolled 480 New York city blocks of simulated travel to test wear and glide.


Zippers built to keep up
The zipper is the last thing you want to think about mid-trip. That’s why we test them up to 8,000 times before they find their way to you.


Built to stick the landing
Baggage handlers aren't always gentle. Our luggage is loaded up to 60 lbs and repeatedly dropped every which way at 10° F — putting the shell to the ultimate test.


The details that make a big difference

TSA lock


Underside grab handle


Laundry bag


Personalization


Between sizes?
Our customers often prefer the The Bigger Carry-On due to its common, larger size. If you’re deciding between the two, we recommend purchasing The Bigger Carry-On upfront.


The Carry-On
Regular price$275

Packs 5-7 outfts

Perfect for 3-5 day trips

Fits overhead on most major airlines

The Bigger Carry-On
Regular price$295

Packs 6-9 outfits

Perfect for 4-7 days away

Fits overhead on most major US airlines
Compare all Carry-Ons
Airline Compatibility

We want you to love everything about getting Away

Easy returns
Free returns and exchanges for the first 100 days on unused items


Free shipping
Free shipping over $100*

Questions? We're here to help

How does this size compare to the Bigger Carry-On?
The Carry-On is the smaller, standard international-compliant size. It measures 21.7" x 14.4" x 9" and weighs 7.5 lbs (41L capacity). The Bigger Carry-On is approximately one inch larger in each dimension (22.7" x 15.4" x 9.6") and offers 8 more liters of packing space (49L). You can compare The Carry-On and The Bigger Carry-On in more detail here! How big is the Away Carry-on?
The Away Carry-On measures 21.7" x 14.4" x 9" (Exterior) and weighs 7.5 lbs, with a capacity of 41 Liters. This size is designed to fit in the overhead bins of most major airlines, including international carriers. How to pack an Away Carry-on Suitcase
We recommend using the signature interior compression system to maximize space and secure your items. For best results, utilize packing cubes for organization and roll softer clothing items like knits and t-shirts to prevent wrinkles, while folding more structured garments.  How long of a trip is this suitcase best for?
The Carry-On is generally best for 3–5 day trips, or longer if you are a light packer or combine it with a personal item bag. It's sized for about 5-7 full outfits.
