Baseline
Essential 22" Carry-On Expandable Spinner

797 Reviews
Regular price₩1,273,300
Tax included.
Description
Features
Specs
Lifetime Guarantee
We’ve engineered the Baseline Essential 22" Carry-On Spinner as the ultimate domestic carry-on, built with the incomparable Briggs & Riley construction that guarantees enduring performance. Our patented CX® Smart Packing Technology expands to accommodate all your wardrobe essentials but compresses for an easy fit in most US overhead bins, while our exterior-mounted Outsider® handle keeps your packing surface flat and your garments pristine.

SKU: BLU122CXSP-4

compression and expansion icon
Expansion & Compression
flat packing icon
Flat Packing
zipper icon
Self-Repairing Zippers
4 360 wheels icon
Spinner Wheels
null
TSA Approved Lock Included
null
Impact-resistant Corner GuardsINTERIOR FEATURES

Pack more while carrying less. Our CX® Smart Packing Technology expands to give you up to 30% more space, then compresses back to carry-on size—so you can travel without checking your bag.
Our integrated garment carrier gently secures formalwear, reducing creases so you arrive looking polished and ready.
Skip the ironing — premium cinch-down garment panels ensure your clothing stays in place during transit and keeps wrinkles to a minimum.
Efficiently store and organize your accessories with two strategically placed mesh-lid zip pockets.
Interior lining is soft and inviting while the contrasting color makes finding contents easy.
EXTERIOR FEATURES

Perfect packing starts with our exclusive Outsider® handle—mounted on the exterior of the bag to create a flat, ridgeless interior that simplifies packing and keeps clothes crisp.
Crafted from aerospace-grade aluminum, our multi-height telescoping handle adjusts seamlessly, delivering uncompromising comfort.
360º spinner wheels offer smooth, silent movement across any surface.
Built for a lifetime of reliable performance with impact-resistant corner guards.
Self-repairing YKK® zippers offer a lifetime of reliable, silky-smooth performance.
A custom leather nameplate personalizes each piece for instant identification.
Effortlessly connect multiple bags with the SmartLink strap for secure, 2-in-1 transport, streamlining every step of your journey.
Identify luggage discreetly with the HideAway™ ID tag, then slide it out of sight for easy security.
The SpeedThru™ pocket allows quick access to essentials, with a bright lining that shows when it’s open, so you breeze through checkpoints with confidence.
PowerPocket™ allows you to store your battery pack and pass through USB cord for easy phone charging on the go.
Quickly access extra items like jackets, gloves, and scarves with the large front pocket.
Retrieve luggage easily from the overhead compartment or baggage claim with multiple grab handles on bottom, top and sides.
Secure your zipper compartments with this TSA-accepted combination cable lock. Travel Sentry® Approved Lock allows your luggage to be opened, inspected and relocked by security authorities without damage. For more information, visit: www.travelsentry.org  EXTERIOR DIMENSIONS

(includes wheels & handles)

22 x 14 x 9-11.5 in / 55.9 x 35.6 x 22.9-29.2 cm
CASE DIMENSIONS

(excludes wheels & handles)

20 x 14 x 7.875 in / 50.8 x 35.5 x 20 cm
CAPACITY

2240 - 2940 cu in / 37 - 48 liters
WEIGHT

10 lbs / 4.6 kg
MATERIAL

Premium Ultra-Durable Ballistic NylonLifetime Guarantee
Legendary Performance. Guaranteed for Life.

Since day one, we’ve had the best guarantee in travel. Our Simple as that® lifetime guarantee means if your bag is ever damaged—even by an airline—we’ll repair it, for life. Free of charge, no proof of purchase needed.

Our Innovation
Pack More And (Still) Carry-On​
Pack more while carrying less. Our CX® Smart Packing Technology expands to give you up to 30% more space, then compresses back to carry-on size—so you can travel without checking your bag.

Wrinkle Reducing
Built-in tri-fold garment folder with foam roll bar neatly holds 1-2 suits and prevents wrinkling.


FLAT PACKING
Patented Outsider® handle is attached to the outside of the bag for greater interior packing capacity and wrinkle-free flat packing.
