Carry On
Rated 4.9 stars2,550 Reviews
$295 US
CASESAFE TRACKING
CLASSIC: Moss
LIMITED EDITION
PREORDER

Our signature case, where it all began.
Designed to hold the maximum amount that’s allowed inside the cabin with you. It has an ejectable battery that is approved for flying across all major airlines. Safe to fly, a joy to carry.

Length of trip: 5-7 days
Capacity: 6-8 outfits

FEATURES
arrow-image
Ejectable battery with USB-C
Aerospace-grade, German polycarbonate shell
Reinforced bumpers
20-height multi-stop telescopic handle
Integrated TSA lock
SilentMoveTM wheels
Hidden stain-proof laundry bag
July Y-Strap compression system
Water-resistant and stain-proof nylon lining
Leather finishes on the nylon straps and hinge
YKK Japanese zippers
The power bank is allowed anywhere your mobile phone is, however does not carry China's 3C certification
Lifetime warranty, 100 day returns, and free shipping across the US SPECS
arrow-image
External dimensions including wheels:
21.5" H x 15" W x 8.5" D
Internal dimensions excluding wheels:
20" H x 14.5" W x 8.5" D
Weight: 7.4lbs
Capacity: 42L

Total linear dimensions 115cm (approved to fit as carry-on for all International standards)  LIFETIME WARRANTY
arrow-image
We stand by the quality of every July product with unmatched warranty commitments.

A lifetime warranty on manufacturing faults.
100 day returns for unpersonalised items.


Free shipping across the US for orders above $100.

Details you’ll love.
Ejectable battery with USB-C
A cleverly designed ejectable battery with USB-C docks that charges both your phone and your laptop. The Carry On and power bank are allowed anywhere your mobile phone is, however do not carry China's 3C certification.
SilentMove™ Wheels
When we couldn't find the perfect wheels there was only one solution – design it ourselves. Introducing SilentMove 360° spinner wheels. Extremely quiet, they can handle the cobblestones of Europe, and have a lifetime guarantee.
Y-Strap Compression System
We've made it easy to pack more into your trip. Our July Y-Strap Compression System provides a heavy-duty strap that pulls down to create more space in your case. All our lining is stain-resistant making any accidents easy to clean up too.
100% German polycarbonate
The case embodies our unique curved eggshell design that minimises damage and optimises function. We also added anodised aluminium bumpers for extra protection on hard drops.
detail section image
KEEP YOUR LAUNDRY AT BAY
Every case features a hidden laundry bag that is odour-proof and compresses down to keep your worn items hidden and the rest of your clothes crisp clean.
detail section image
COMFORT IN YOUR HANDS
Our multi-stop telescopic handle stops wherever you want it to. With a soft-to-touch rubber handle making it a pleasure to hold.
detail section image
PERFECT ON THE INSIDE TOO
We've made it easy to pack more into your trip. Our July Y-Strap Compression System provides a heavy-duty strap that pulls down to create more space in your case.
full width image
